in a very wealthy family
where their wealth will not run out
even though they go through hundreds of
descendants, all of that they can get
by doing pesugihan or in
other words allying with the devil and
performing ritual sacrifices of human bodies the
story begins with young Alex ledoms
and his brother Daniel  which saw the
murder of a man named Charles
who had just married his aunt Helen 30
years later Alex who had been separated
from his family for years
returned to the Ledoms family estate
to marry a young woman
named Grace when Alex hesitated to
return to dress convincingly and wanted to
be a part of the family.  After
the wedding ceremony, Grace and Alex were going to
rest and spend time
together, but suddenly Aunt Helm came
into the room and told her that
after waiting for Gray in the living room to
carry out family traditions,
Alex also told Grace about his
family traditions.  and went
with her to the living room the
family members who participated
in the tradition with Grace
included Alex Daniel their father Tony Their mother
Becky Daniel's proud wife
charity Alex's sister who was a drug addict
Emily Emily's crybaby husband Fit
Bradley and Aunt Helen Toni explained
to Grace that  To become a member of
the Ledoms family, Grace must
participate in a session where Grace is
required to take a card from
a mysterious wooden box and play a
game written on the card with
other family members. Tony also
tells that his great-grandfather Victor
ledoms made a pact with a
man named Lebayle where Lebayle will
help.  make Victor rich if
the ledoms establish a British tradition of
taking a card from
the mysterious wooden box that
reads petakumpet believing that the
game is harmless Grace
goes into hiding
great food when the ledoms are
armed  i myself with an antique gun
to hunt down Grace Alex doesn't go
with his family because he is still
confused about how to
save his wife Alex tries to
find Grace before his family
finds Grace then Alex and Grace
see Emily who accidentally
shoots one of the family servants
with a gun to death Alex
explains that petakumpet is
the only game of the mysterious wooden box
that led the ledoms
to kill Grace the ledoms
believe that if they fail to kill
Gray before dawn they will all
die as agreed by Victor
ledoms and lebayle decades
earlier Grace is confused and angry
with her.  Alex for not telling him
about the ritual for fear that Grace
will leave him against the wishes
of his family Alex promises to Grace
that Alex will help Grace
escape from the Ledoms family estate
to the security room of
Grace's Euro house to find her.  goes to the
kitchen exit while Grace is looking for a way out
she meets a paid dancer Her father
-in-law is accidentally killed
when Grace activates the
mechanical elevator system to silence her
Daniel also hates the nature of his
family and finds Grace in
Grace's study asking Daniel for help
but Daniel regrets that
Daniel has no choice and only
gives Grace 10 seconds to
escape before danial warns
the other family members Alex turns off
the house security cameras and unlocks the
door of the house but Alex is found by his
family and they arrest Alex
for betrayal Grace who had
torn the leaves to arm
herself managed to escape  leave the house
after burning the butler of the
stephens family with boiling water the members of
the ledoms regroup and
mourn their difficulty in capturing
Grace but they reaffirm the
importance of finding Grace before the
sun goes down.  During
this time Emil accidentally shot a
third servant to death Stephens told his
family that Grace had
left the house but he promised
to catch Grace England took refuge
in the barn on the family's farm
But after being shot by Emily's son
Georgia dress fell into the
goat hole where the Ledoms were
hiding  remnants of
previous victims grease was finally able to
climb out but his hand was
stuck in a nail british was seriously injured
while escaping through the fence
when he tried to call for help
passing motorists on the road
stephens pushed but Grace managed to
immobilize him while stephens came out
to hold Grace Grace tried
to escape  by car he
contacted the vehicle assistance company
but the car was reported stolen and
they shut off the car
remotely allowing
stephens to catch Grace when
stephens drove Grace back to the
park.  The Ledoms Grace's garden
wakes up and strangles Stephens from
and causes Stephens to crash into the car
until the car overturns and kills
her but Daniel's dress is found by Daniel
and finds out that Tony is secretly
watching him. He hits Grace and
recaptures her.
the ledoms
take turns drinking fresh blood
as part of the ritual they all
start vomiting except for Daniel who accidentally
poisoned the blood earlier
while Alex escapes from his captivity Daniel
frees Grace and they attempt to
leave the house before Daniel is
finally shot and killed by a
British charity setting a fire on his way
out  he continues to chase her Grace
fights Becky and manages
to beat her to death with a
game box Alex arrives and
realizes that even though he let
Grace live Grace doesn't want to be with him
so Alex catches the dress back
into the house.  the ledo Mas family tries to sacrifice
Grace again and finds out that he
can't kill
his wife Alex stabs Grace in the shoulder
instead of the heart just at dawn the
helmet does the final
blow with his ax and without warning the helmet explodes and shatters into pieces the
rest of the family
looks at each other with dismay  of some of
them try to escape because
Tony begs
lebayle's reprieve But all the
ledoms family members explode one by one
the last family member Alex begs Grace
for forgiveness but he finally
explodes when Grace demands a divorce
as flames enter their room
forming a lebayle outline that  sitting
at the end of the table lebailu making
eye contact and nodding in agreement as Grace
turned to flee in
a bloodied state from
the ledo Mas family member who exploded outside
Gress's house sitting on the garden steps as the
fire blazed behind her
the tintin was filled with blood while
smoking a cigarette when a
rescue team asked him
what happened
dress shrugged and replied that
he was lost okay that's the synopsis
of the film this time hopefully this film
can be the right film recommendation
for you all to watch I
say goodbye  Don't forget to like share
subscribe or follow this channel so
you can get recommendations
for other exciting films